Q1. A clustering results in labels against unlabeled data, it is referred to
A. predictive partitioning
B. supervised labeling
C. predictive labeling
D. unsupervised classification
Answer: D

Q2. Which of the following is not method of clustering
A. Nearest neighbor
B. Centroid clustering
C. Median clustering
D. Quard clustering
Answer: D

Q3. Which of the following algorithm does not care feature scaling?
A. KNN
B. SVM
C. Logistic Regression
D. Random Forest
Answer: D

Q4. Which is not a solutions to reduce the generalization error?
A. Collect more test data
B. Introduce a penalty for complexity via regularization
C. Choose a simpler model with fewer parameters
D. Reduce the dimensionality of the data
Answer: A

Q5. Which of the following is a algorithm based on the idea of bagging?
A. Decision Tree
B. Regression
C. Classification
D. Random Forest
Answer: D

Q6. which of the following is the correct way to preprocess the data in performing regression or classification?
A. Normalize the data → PCA → training
B. PCA → normalize PCA output → training
C. Normalize the data → PCA → normalize PCA output → training
D. None of the above
Answer: A

Q7. Which distance measure method used by k-means clustering?
A. Euclidean
B. Centroid
C. Manhattan
D. Cluster
Answer: A

Q8. Which of the following is a regression problem?
A. Can I determine a person's income based on their age and type of job?
B. Which states have the highest infant mortality rate?
C. How can I group supermarket products using purchase frequency?
D. Identify similarities in shopping patterns between customers of a department
Answer: A

Q9. Which of the following model is not an example of ensemble learning?
A) Random Forest
B) Adaboost
C) Gradient Boosting
D) Decision Trees
Answer: D

Q10. What is not an example of an activation function?
A. ReLu
B. Sigmoid
C. tanh
D. GINI
Answer: D

Q11. How to select best hyperparameters in tree based models?
A) Measure performance over training data
B) Measure performance over validation data
C) Both of these
D) None of these
Answer: B

Q12. Which of the following is not true about boosting trees?
A. In boosting trees, individual weak learners are independent of each other
B. It is the method for improving the performance by aggregating the results of weak learners
C. the main reason for having weak learners to prevent overfitting
D. the main reason for having weak learners to prevent underfitting
Answer: D

Q13.  Which of the following is an example of a deterministic algorithm?
A) PCA
B) K-Means
C) None of the above
Answer: (A)

Q14.  Which of the following statement(s) is / are true for Gradient Decent (GD) and Stochastic Gradient Decent (SGD)?
A. In GD and SGD, you update a set of parameters in an iterative manner to minimize the error function.
B. In SGD, you have to run through all the samples in your training set for a single update of a parameter in each iteration.
C. In GD, you either use the entire data or a subset of training data to update a parameter in each iteration.
D. In GD and SGD you update a set of parameters in an selective manner to minimize the error function.
Answer: A

Q15. What is pca.components_?
A. Eigen vectors for the projection space
B. Matrix of PCA components
C. Result of the multiplication matrix
D. None of the above options
Answer: A

Q16. Which of the following is one of the important step(s) to preprocess the text in NLP?
A. Stemming
B. Stop word removal
C. Object Standardization
D. all of above
Answer: D

Q17. Consider your majority class has 99% of train data. and your model report 99% accuracy on your
training data. then which of the following True
A. Accuracy score is not a good idea for imbalance dataset.
B. Accuracy score is good idea for imbalance dataset.
C. Precision and recall scores are good for imbalance dataset.
D. Precision and recall scores are not good for imbalance dataset.
Answer:A

Q18. Which of the following is not related to feature selection?
A. K-means
B. Recursive Feature Elimination
C. Principal Component Analysis
D. Feature Importance
Answer:A

Q19. Which of the following corss-validation is recommended for small dataset?
A. Holdout cross-validation
B. 10-fold cross-validation
C. Leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV)
D. 5-fold cross-validation
Answer: C

Q20. What kind of Cross-validation is recommended for unbalaced dataset
A. Holdout cross-validation
B. Leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV)
C. StratifiedKFold
D. K-fold
Answer: C

Q21. Which of the following is not involved in data mining?
A. knowledge extraction
B. Data archaeology
C. Data Exploration
D. Data Transforms
Answer: D

Q22. Which is not a Vectorization method used in Sentiment analysis
A. CountVectorizer
B. TfidfVectorizer
C. MeanVectorizer
D. HashingVectorizer
Answer: C

Q23. Why we use RANSACRegressor?
A. Throwing out outliers
B. Minimizing overfitting
C. Minimizing underfitting
D. Regularization
Answer: A

Q24. which of the following is not a regularization method for linear regression?
A. Ridge
B. LASSO
C. Gradient boasting
D. Elastic Net
Answer: C

Q25. Which of the clustering algorithm capable of handling outlier and Identify mon-globular shapes?
A. K-means
B. DBSCAN
C. Agglomerative
D. K-mean++
Answer: B

Q26. Which is false about CNN
A. Slow
B. Fast and Realtime
C. Pseudo-biological in basis
D. Human-like abilities
Answer: B

Q27. TensorFlow is a --- library
A. Deep Learning
B. Image Processing
C. Text Processing
D. Clustering library
